Prime Minister
So what should we do?
Can't solve the problem
We're going to solve the people who made the problem
The prime minister means
The old man is also forced
Are you willing to follow the old man?
Xiaguan Ding shows good war with the head of the prime minister Ma
The old man has the world
I will not defeat you
Thank you Prime Minister
But the march is not in our hands
There's nothing we can do about the army
We have another reinforcements
reinforcements
It's the Prime Minister who stepped down
Should call now
Lord Capital
prince
Come in
Don't bother the capital
The king is here
There is food and drink
Why should the prince hold on?
Are your hands big?
It's not also swollen and fat
Haha, it seems that we have the same disease
Go ahead.
You are looking for this king
So-called what
Ah.
The old man wants to cooperate with the prince once
Remuneration as regent after completion
I don't know what the prince thinks
subdue adults
So tell me about your plan.
I heard that the prince is in several classes in the park